Update ds/balanced-in-seg (#32)
OI-wiki/i18n: docs/ds/balanced-in-seg.md

author: Dev-jqe, HeRaNO

## Common usage

> In OI competitions, we sometimes need to maintain multi-dimensional information and we often need nested trees to record it around this time. When we need to maintain the predecessor, the successor, the largest $k$ , the ranking of a certain number, insertion/deletion, we usually need to use a balanced tree to meet our needs, that is, a segment tree nesting a balanced tree.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In algorithmic programming competitions, we sometimes need to maintain multi-dimensional information and we often need nested trees to record it around this time. When we need to maintain the predecessor, the successor, the largest $k$ , the ranking of a certain number, insertion/deletion, we usually need to use a balanced tree to meet our needs, that is, a segment tree nesting a balanced tree.
```
算法竞赛不只OI

## Principle of implementation 

> We take **two-force balanced tree** as an example to explain the implementation principle.

Author: 就很有意思 🃏 🌚

> We take **two-force balanced tree** as an example to explain the implementation principle.

Reviewer 2: 想了一下 还是直接写 `*erbi*` 吧 把它当作term来写（

Operation 3, replace a certain number with another number: we only need to delete a certain number in all balanced trees, and then insert another one. The outer layer still operates as a normal segment tree.

Operation 4: Find the predecessor of a value in a certain interval: we operate normally for the outer segment tree. For the balanced tree of nodes in a certain interval, we return the predecessor of a value in the balanced tree. When merging the intervals of segment tree, take the maximum value would be fine.

## Space complexity

We add each element to $\log n$ balanced trees, so the space complexity is $(n + q)\log{n}$ .

## Time complexity

For operations $1,2,4$ , consider that we perform $\log{n}$ operations on the segment tree in the outer layer, and each operation will be performed in $\log{n}$ time complexity on an inner balanced tree. So the overall time complexity is $\log^2{n}$ .
For the $3$ operation, one more binary process is $\log^3{n}$ .

## Classic problem

 [Two-Force Balance Tree](https://loj.ac/problem/106)(original link in Chinese): outer layer is segment tree, and inner layer is balanced tree.

## Sample code

> Please refer to [Splay](./splay.md) and other list items for part of the code implementation of segment tree.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Please refer to [Splay](./splay.md) and other list items for part of the code implementation of balanced trees.
```
🌚

Author: 🌚我错了

}
```

> Operation four

Reviewer 2: 建议用数字，上同。
